welcome to eToro the revolutionary forex
trading platform if you are new to the
world of forex it's probably best if you
start trading in visual mode this is
your gateway to eat Toros visual forex
trading tools at the top of the screen
you'll find the various visual trading
arenas each arena represents a different
style of trading the three arenas on the
Left utilize visual trade
representations such as the globe trader
arena in which you can trade currencies
on a world map the two arenas on the
right provide you with user-friendly
visual trading interfaces such as the
Forex charts arena in which you can
trade your currency on a friendly and
easy to use graph once you open a few
trades they will appear in my open
trades here you can view and manage the
collected data of all your active trades
clicking on a trade will open the arena
in which it's taking place the view more
detailed or historical data go to the
trading log to the right you'll find
live Forex rates and charts for all the
currency pairs available for trade the
bottom of the screen contains the
cashier where you can transfer funds to
and from your account and while trading
you can also use a Toros community
features the chat
the challenge rankings and the top
traders insight tool that allows you to
monitor the trades executed by ito rows
top 100 traders once you've gained some
Forex experience you have the option to
switch to the expert mode here you will
find all the advanced forex trading
tools you need at your fingertips you
can activate one click trading mode
which enables you to open trade simply
by clicking on the rate of the currency
pair you wish to buy or sell in the
panel below you can see your open trades
manage trading orders and view a chart
of your trade by clicking on the various
tabs you can view your trading history
the latest forex news and a calendar of
Forex events if you started by
practicing an e toros practice mode at
any time you can click on the trade for
real money button to open your real
trading account eToro wishes you a
successful and enjoyable trading